KPI-Q1: Examine bounce rate for C# pattern matching tutorial (#20814)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/pattern-matching.md

---

> title: "Tutorial: pattern matching to return a value"

Reviewer: Same comment as above on the title.  Thoughts?

Author: How about this? data-driven I think pushes the length of the title too far.
```suggestion
title: "Tutorial: Build algorithms with pattern matching"
```

description: This advanced tutorial demonstrates how to use pattern matching techniques to create functionality using data and algorithms that are created separately.
ms.date: 03/13/2019
ms.technology: csharp-whats-new
ms.custom: contperfq1
---

> # Tutorial: Using pattern matching features to extend data types

Reviewer: Here again, I'm starting to like the focus on "data driven algorithms":

```suggestion
# Tutorial: Use pattern matching to build type-driven and data-driven algorithms.
```

Author: Good catch! I don't know how I missed the H1
